Use `swift-log` as logging system (#33)
slidoapp/oauth2-swift: README.md

> Need to debug? Use a `.debug` or even a `.trace` logger:

Reviewer: I'd change the wording to "logging level" since we no longer pass a logger instance here:
```suggestion
Need to debug? Use a `.debug` or even a `.trace` logging level:
```

Also, I'd probably add a small note or section mentioning that the library uses the Swift logging system, and include a link to its homepage: https://swiftpackageindex.com/apple/swift-log
